You can deploy Mule apps to either a shared or private space in CloudHub
2.0.

-   ch2-deploy-shared-space.xml

-   ch2-deploy-private-space.xml

-   ch2-download-test-app.xml

Unresolved directive in ch2-deploy.adoc -
include::partial$caveats.adoc[tag=supportedMule]

Application Deployment

After triggering a deployment, the application status eventually changes
to RUNNING. If the application status never changes to RUNNING, the
replicas contain a state and reason to indicate why the application
status is not RUNNING.

When an application is deployed, the following events occur:

1.  The expected state of your application is stored, including
    application bundle and number of replicas.

2.  The application replica status is PENDING.

3.  When adequate compute and memory resources are available, each
    replica is attached to a node.

4.  The replica status is STARTING.

5.  The replica finishes loading the application.

6.  The replica status is STARTED and the replica can now perform work.

Application Deployment Failure

If an application fails, for example, due to running of out memory, the
following events occur:

1.  The replica status is TERMINATED.

2.  CloudHub 2.0 immediately attempts to restart the replica.

3.  The replica status is RECOVERING.

If the replica is able to restart:

1.  The replica finishes loading the application.

2.  The replica status is STARTED and the replica can now perform work.

If the replica can’t restart, for example, it relies on a network
resource which temporarily unavailable, the following events occur:

1.  The replica status is PENDING, with a message indicating
    "CrashLoopBackoff".

    CloudHub 2.0 attempts to restart the replica, using exponential
    backoff to avoid an excessive number of restart attempts.

2.  The replica status alternates between RECOVERING and PENDING until
    the issue preventing a successful restart is resolved.

3.  The replica loads the application.

After a successful restart, the replica status is STARTED and the
replica can now perform work.

See Also

-   ch2-shared-space-about.xml

-   ch2-private-space-about.xml
