Application-level egress rules are independent of private-space-level
firewall rules. For egress traffic to go through, it must pass both
private space and application-level control.

Before You Begin

-   Set up your private space and finish provisioning your private
    network.

-   Verify that your account has CloudHub Network Viewer permission,
    which is required to view a private space’s firewall and
    application-level rules.

-   Verify that your account has CloudHub Network Administrator
    permission, which is required to modify a private space’s firewall
    and application-level rules.

Configure Application-Level Rules in Your Private Space

To configure the application-level rules in a private space:

1.  From Anypoint Platform, select Runtime Manager > Private Spaces.

2.  Click the name of the private space to manage.

3.  On the Firewall rules tab, expand the App-Level Rules section.

By default, the application-level egress rules feature is disabled when
you create a new private space. Toggle the feature to enable it.

Ensure that you finished provisioning your private network before
enabling the toggle.

Toggling App-Level Egress Rules enables the Default-Egress-Rule-Group.
The default egress rule is Allow any protocol to any destination.

[Toggle the application-level egress rules feature]

To modify the default egress rule group:

1.  Click Edit.

2.  In the Egress Rules section of the group configuration window,
    select the desired protocol and destination.

3.  Click Add Rule to add new rules to the rule group.

    You can delete rules by clicking the delete button ([Delete
    button]).

4.  Click Update Egress Rules to save your changes.

    Your changes affect all applications in the current private space.

    You cannot rename or delete the default rule group.

[Edit the default app level egress rule group]

To create a new custom egress rule group:

1.  Click Create Rule Group.

2.  In the rule group configuration window, add a group name.

    You can edit and rename custom rule groups. The generated rule group
    name (<rule_group_name>-<private_space_name>) can’t exceed 53
    characters.

3.  In the Egress Rules section, click Add Rule and select the protocol
    and destination for every rule that you want to add.

    You can delete rules by clicking the delete button ([Delete
    button]).

4.  Click Create Egress Rules to save your changes.

    To use custom rule groups, select them in the application settings.

To delete an existing custom rule group:

1.  Select More actions ([More actions menu]) > Delete.

2.  When prompted, click Delete Rule Group to confirm the deletion.

    Once you delete a custom rule group, any applications that use it
    immediately start using the default egress rule group instead.

[Delete custom egress rule group]

You can disable the application-level egress rule feature by clicking
the feature’s toggle. When prompted, click Delete and Disable App-Level
Rules to confirm.

Once you disable the application-level egress rule feature, all custom
application-level egress rule groups are deleted, and all
application-level egress is allowed for all applications.

Apply Application-Level Egress Rules When Deploying Your Applications

You can apply the application-level egress rules that you configured in
your private space when you deploy an application:

1.  When deploying an application to your private space, select the
    Firewall Rules tab.

2.  In the Egress Rule Group section, select the ruleset to apply to
    your application.

3.  Click Apply Changes.

Configure an Application-Level Egress Connection to Anypoint MQ

To allow HTTPS connections to Anypoint MQ, add an application-level
egress rule group with the following rules:

Allow egress to the Anypoint control plane:

-   Protocol: HTTPS

-   Destination: Custom Domains

    -   With value:

        -   For prod: anypoint.mulesoft.com

        -   For prod-eu: eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com

Allow egress to the MQ destination:

-   Protocol: HTTPS

-   Destination: Custom Domains

    -   With the value of the domain name configured in the MQ connector
        URL

        For example, if the MQ connector URL is
        https://mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/api/v1/organizations/{{anypointOrgId}}/environments/{{anypointEnvId}}/,
        use the value mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com.

Configure an Application-Level Egress Connection to Object Store v2

To allow HTTPS connections to Object Store v2, add an application-level
egress rule group with the following rules:

Allow egress to the Anypoint control plane:

-   Protocol: HTTPS

-   Destination: Custom Domains

    -   With value:

        -   For prod: anypoint.mulesoft.com

        -   For prod-eu: eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com

Allow egress to the Object Store v2 destination:

-   Protocol: HTTPS

-   Destination: Custom Domains

    -   With value:

        -   For prod: object-store-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com

        -   For prod-eu: eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com

            This URL varies depending on the region. For example, to
            access Object Store in ap-southeast-1, add the URL
            object-store-ap-southeast-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com as the
            value.

If you enable egress for a domain that includes redirection, such as
when salesforce.com redirects to www.salesforce.com, allow egress for
both the original target, salesforce.com, and the redirected target,
www.salesforce.com.

Wildcard records are not supported. For example, salesforce.com does not
automatically cover example.salesforce.com.

You can’t enable domains with double hyphens. For example, abc—​xyz.com.

Domains with identical IP addresses are handled together. Allowing one
domain allows all identical domains.

Configure an Application-Level Egress Connection to API Manager

To add application-level egress support to API Manager, add a custom
rule group with the following rule to allow egress to the Anypoint
control plane:

-   Protocol: HTTPS

-   Destination: Custom Domains

    -   With value:

        -   For prod:

            -   anypoint.mulesoft.com

            -   exchange-files.anypoint.mulesoft.com

            -   analytics-ingest.anypoint.mulesoft.com

        -   For prod-eu:

            -   eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com

            -   exchange-files.eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com

            -   analytics-ingest.eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com

Depending on your use case, add Anypoint Platform hostnames and ports
for your application to communicate with the online Anypoint Platform
APIs and services that are managed by MuleSoft. See
mule-gateway::mule-gateway-hostnames.xml.

When configuring application-level egress connections to Anypoint MQ,
Object Store v2, or API Manager, you must also allow outbound access to
all 443 ports at the private-space level separately. For more
information about allowing outbound access to 443 ports, visit
ps-config-fw-rules.xml.

You can’t use custom domains with private space internal DNS.

Performance Impact

Given the extra layer of validation, using the application-level egress
rules can introduce three-millisecond to ten-millisecond network latency
delays to your applications' connections. To balance security and
performance:

-   Limit active rule groups to 20 in your private space.

-   Use a maximum of 40 rules per rule group.

-   Limit the total combination of rule groups and rules to 800.

    You can customize the number of rule groups and rules in the
    combination based on your needs.

These measures help optimize latency while maintaining effective network
security.

DNS record timing issues can sometimes lead to unexpected connectivity
errors. To enhance the reliability of Mule applications, implement
robust error handling and connection retry mechanisms.

See Also

-   ch2-private-space-about.xml

-   ch2-deploy-private-space.xml

-   ps-config-fw-rules.xml

-   mq::index.xml

-   object-store::index.xml

-   api-manager::latest-overview-concept.xml
