When you attach a transit gateway to a private space, CloudHub 2.0
creates a transit gateway attachment to represent the connection on
Amazon Web Services (AWS). You can attach the same transit gateway to
on-premises VPCs in your own AWS account to enable communication between
private spaces and VPCs. Multiple private spaces can connect to an
internal VPC. You can reuse a transit gateway attachment by connecting
another private space to it and accepting the attachment. You don’t need
to create the resource share again.

Before You Begin

-   Before creating a transit gateway attachment, create the private
    network.

-   Ensure the private space belongs to the same region in which you are
    creating the transit gateway attachment. Inter-region peering is not
    supported. For example, you cannot attach transit gateway attachment
    from region A to a private space belonging to region B.

Update your infrastructure (such as firewalls, routes, and connections)
before creating transit gateway attachments. When a transit gateway is
pending acceptance, all infrastructure updates are delayed until you
accept the attachment.

Connect to a Transit Gateway

For information about limitations when attaching a VPC to a transit
gateway, see Transit gateway attachments to a VPC in the AWS
documentation.

To connect to a transit gateway:

Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-tgw.adoc -
include::partial$select-private-space.adoc[tag=selectPrivateSpace]
Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-tgw.adoc -
include::partial$select-private-space.adoc[tag=clickPrivateSpaceName] .
On the Network tab, in the Connections section, Create Connection. . On
the Create Connection page, select Transit Gateway.

+ If CloudHub 2.0 finds any existing transit gateways in the
organization, you can select a transit gateway or click Add a new
transit gateway and then enter the name in the Connection Name field.

+ Use the same name for your transit gateway in AWS. You can change this
name later.

+ Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-tgw.adoc -
include::partial$create-config.adoc[tag=connectionNameReqs] . Click
Next.

Depending on whether you selected an existing transit gateway or are
adding a new one, the Add Transit Gateway page lists the steps to create
a resource share in AWS:

1.  Configure routes.

2.  Create a resource share. (new gateway only)

3.  Verify the resource share. (new gateway only)

4.  Accept the attachment.

Configure Routes

In Static Routes, enter the IP prefixes of the external networks to
connect through the transit gateway, and then click Next.

The routes should match VPC CIDR range so traffic can flow between the
private VPC in AWS and the private space in CloudHub 2.0.

After you attach the transit gateway, the private space includes the
routes you specify here.

To display the existing routes for the network, click Show Existing
Routes for this Network.

You can add or remove routes later. For information, see Add or Remove a
Route from the Route Table.

Create a Resource Share

1.  In another browser window, sign in to your AWS corporate account.

2.  In Anypoint Platform, click the Create Resource Share link on the
    Add Transit Gateway page.

    The link opens the AWS RAM console to the page for creating a
    resource share in the region you specified for your private space.

3.  Take the following actions on the AWS Create resource share page:

    a.  Under Description, enter a descriptive name for the resource
        share in the Name field.

    b.  Under Resources - optional, select Transit Gateways from the
        Select resource type menu and select the transit gateway
        resource to share.

        The transit gateway ID appears in the Selected resources field.

    c.  Under Principals - optional, ensure that Allow external accounts
        is selected, enter the MuleSoft AWS account ID that appears on
        the Add Transit Gateway page in Anypoint Platform, and click
        Add.

        The AWS account number appears in the Selected principals field.

    d.  Under Tags, add a tag if you want.

    e.  Click Create resource share.

    f.  Copy the ID and Owner values for the resource share you just
        created.

    g.  Click Next.

Verify the Resource Share

1.  On the Anypoint Platform Add Transit Gateway page, paste the values
    you copied from AWS in the ID and Owner fields:

    -   The resource share ID field contains alphanumeric characters
        (a-z, A-Z, 0-9) and hyphens (-).

    -   The resource share Owner field contains only numbers.

2.  Click Next.

CloudHub 2.0 uses the resource share owner and ID you provide to attach
the associated transit gateway on AWS to the private space.

When the attachment succeeds, you see the Attachment Created message and
you return to the Add Transit Gateway page.

Accept the Attachment

1.  On the Add Transit Gateway page, click the Transit Gateway
    Attachments link.

    The link opens the AWS RAM console to the page for accepting the
    transit gateway attachments in the region you specified.

2.  On the Transit Gateway Attachments page, select the attachment that
    shows pending acceptance in the State column.

    The attachment might take a few minutes to appear.

    To verify that the attachment is correct, select the transit gateway
    attachment ID and, on the Details tab, ensure that the Resource
    owner account ID is the MuleSoft AWS account ID from the Add Transit
    Gateway page.

3.  From the Actions menu, select Accept.

4.  When the attachment state changes to available, return to the Add
    Transit Gateway page and click Done.

    You return to the Network tab for the private space. The Connections
    section shows the transit gateway ID and owner from AWS and
    indicates that the transit gateway state is Available and the
    attachment state is Attached to Private Network:

    If the VPC attachment state is Not Attached to VPC, the transit
    gateway is not attached. Click Accept the attachment link and follow
    the steps again.

5.  Test the connection from your private space to the transit gateway.

Configure Transit Gateway Routing

CloudHub 2.0 supports static routing for transit gateways.

Configure the network routes (subnets) that you want to be accessible
through the transit gateway:

-   On Anypoint Platform, configure routes for outbound traffic from the
    private space to an external destination.

-   On AWS, enable inbound traffic through your transit gateway.

Configure Routes for Outbound Traffic from the Private Space

After the Attached to Private Network message appears, the private
spaces adds the routes that you specified so that apps deployed to the
private space can access the transit gateway.

To add routes to the transit gateway route table, see Add or Remove a
Route from the Route Table.

Enable Inbound Traffic Through the Transit Gateway

After successfully adding routes to the transit gateway route table in
Anypoint Platform, enable inbound traffic through your transit gateway
on AWS.

You might need to coordinate with your network administrator to enable
inbound traffic.

Test the Connection to Your Private Space

After you connect to a transit gateway, test the connectivity from
CloudHub 2.0 to your networks. To test the connection, use the Network
Tools application.

For download and usage information about the Network Tools application,
see How To Use Network Tools Application (KB article).

Maintain the Transit Gateway

After you test the connection to your private space, periodically check
the connection to your transit gateway.

If your private space loses access to the transit gateway, the state of
the transit gateway changes to unknown or deleted. If the transit
gateway remains in the unknown or deleted state for 14 days, Anypoint
Platform might remove the private space attachments from the transit
gateway. However, the transit gateway itself is not removed.

Your private space loses access to a transit gateway when:

-   The transit gateway is deleted from CloudHub 2.0.

-   The transit gateway is deleted from the AWS console.

-   A resource share is deleted.

-   The MuleSoft account principal is deleted from the resource share.

To remove or delete the transit gateway from CloudHub 2.0, complete the
steps in ??? or ??? before deleting the transit gateway, transit gateway
attachment, or resource share from the AWS console. Removing connections
from the AWS console without removing them from CloudHub 2.0 disrupts
the connection but does not remove it.

Troubleshoot States for the Transit Gateway or Transit Gateway Attachment

When the transit gateway connection is disrupted, the state of the
transit gateway or transit gateway attachment changes to unknown,
rejected, or deleted. Depending on the cause of the state change, you
can fix the state of the transit gateway or transit gateway attachment
by deleting and recreating or detaching and reattaching them.

Resolve Transit Gateway States

The unknown state for a transit gateway state occurs when:

-   The transit gateway or resource share is deleted.

    To fix this state, delete the transit gateway from CloudHub 2.0
    using the steps in ???.

-   The MuleSoft account principal is deleted.

    To fix this state, add the principal in the resource share.

The deleted state occurs when the transit gateway is deleted from the
AWS console but not CloudHub 2.0. To fix this state, delete the transit
gateway from CloudHub 2.0 using the steps in ???, then create a new
transit gateway.

Resolve Transit Gateway Attachment States

The deleted state for a transit gateway attachment occurs when the
transit gateway attachment is deleted from the AWS console but not
CloudHub 2.0. To fix this state, detach the transit gateway attachment
from the private space using the steps in ???, then reattach the transit
gateway attachment.

The rejected state for a transit gateway attachment occurs when the
transit gateway attachment is rejected. To fix this state, detach the
transit gateway attachment from the private space using the steps in
???, then reattach the transit gateway attachment.

Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-tgw.adoc -
include::partial$transit-gateway.adoc[tag=renameTGW]

Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-tgw.adoc -
include::partial$transit-gateway.adoc[tag=detachTGW]

Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-tgw.adoc -
include::partial$transit-gateway.adoc[tag=deleteTGW]

See Also

-   ps-gather-setup-info.xml
