Before deploying to a private space, you can specify environments and at
least one business group to associate with it. This association
specifies in which environments the private space appears as a target
deployment in the Deployment Target list when deploying an app. For
information, see ch2-deploy-private-space.xml.

You can associate a private space with the production and sandbox
environments in the business group, and its child business groups, that
it’s registered with or with a subset of business groups.

By default, a private space is associated with all sandbox environments
in its business groups.

Associate Business Groups and Environments

If you have the CloudHub Network Administrator permission, associate
environments in the business group or groups with the private space:

Unresolved directive in ps-config-env.adoc -
include::partial$select-private-space.adoc[tag=selectPrivateSpace]
Unresolved directive in ps-config-env.adoc -
include::partial$select-private-space.adoc[tag=clickPrivateSpaceName] .
Click the Environments tab to: ??? ???

Associate Business Groups

1.  Select the business groups from the drop-down list:

    -   This business group and its children

        This option allows you to select either all environments, all
        sandbox environment or all production environments for the
        selected business group and all its children.

    -   Selected business groups

        Enter the business group name in the Add business group field
        and select it from the list. This option allows you to select
        specific environments for specific business groups.

        The list includes the business group and its child business
        groups to which the private space is registered and that have
        not yet been added.

    1.  Click Save Changes or Discard Changes to discard or confirm the
        association.

    [Select the business group from the drop-down list.]

Associate Environments

1.  Select the environments from the drop-down list:

    -   All Environment

        Associates the private space with all sandbox and production
        environments in the business group and all its children, or in
        specific business groups.

    -   All Sandbox Environments

        Associates the private space with only sandbox environments in
        the business group and all its children, or in specific business
        groups.

    -   All Production Environments

        Associates the private space with only production environments
        in the business group and all its children, or in specific
        business groups.

    -   Select Environments Manually

        Allows you to associate the private space with specific
        environments in specific business groups.

        -   Check the Sandbox or Production box to bulk select all
            sandbox or production environments in specific business
            groups.

        -   Check the box for each specific subenvironment to
            individually select the desired environments in specific
            business groups.

    1.  Click Save Changes or Discard Changes to discard or confirm the
        association.

    [Select the environments from the drop-down list.]

Add or Remove Business Groups

You can add or remove business groups for your private space:

To add new business groups, use the Add business group field.

To remove a business group, click the trash can icon for the entry.

[Delete icon on the Environments tab]

Manage Resources for a Business Group

If you have the Organization Administrator permission, view or manage
resources associated with a business group:

1.  Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the
    Organization Administrator permission.

2.  In the navigation bar or the main Anypoint Platform page, click
    Access Management.

3.  In the Access Management navigation menu, click Business Groups.

4.  Click the Settings tab.

5.  In the Resources section, view or modify the allocation for a
    resource, such as Production vCores.

6.  Click Save Changes or Discard Changes.

If Business Groups is not in the Access Management navigation menu:

1.  Log in to Anypoint Platform using an account that has the
    Organization Administrator permission.

2.  In the navigation bar or the main Anypoint Platform page, click
    Access Management.

3.  In the Access Management navigation menu, click Organization.

4.  Click the name of the business group you want to modify.

5.  View or modify the allocation for a resource, such as Production
    vCores.

6.  Click Save Changes or Discard Changes.

See Also

-   ch2-deploy-private-space.xml

-   access-management::index.xml
