To connect your private network to an external network using a VPN,
create the VPN connection on the Network tab.

If you have an existing Anypoint VPN, change the remote IP to repurpose
the VPN for use with CloudHub 2.0. For more information, see the
Anypoint VPN documentation.

After you create a VPN, you can’t change any of the VPN settings, except
the static IP prefixes for static routing.

Before You Begin

Before creating a VPN connection, create the private network.

Create a VPN

Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-vpn.adoc -
include::partial$select-private-space.adoc[tag=selectPrivateSpace]
Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-vpn.adoc -
include::partial$select-private-space.adoc[tag=clickPrivateSpaceName] .
On the Network tab, in the Connections section, Create Connection. . On
the Create Connection page, select VPN, enter the name in the Connection
Name field, and click Next.

+ Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-vpn.adoc -
include::partial$create-config.adoc[tag=connectionNameReqs] . On the
Create VPN Connection page, enter the remote IP address (a single,
static IP address) for your VPN endpoint. . Select the routing type:

+ Dynamic (BGP):: Select this option if your device supports Border
Gateway Protocol (BGP). BGP supports automatic failover for redundant
connections.

+ .. In the Local ASN field, enter a local private ASN that isn’t
already assigned to your network.

+ If you have already created a VPN in this private space, the Create
VPN Connection page doesn’t display the Local ASN field. .. In the
Remote ASN field, enter a remote private ASN.

+ Static:: Select this option if your device doesn’t support BGP.

+ .. In the Local ASN field, enter a local private ASN that isn’t
already assigned to your network.

+ Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-vpn.adoc -
include::partial$caveats.adoc[tag=localAsnNote]

+ .. In the Static Routes field, specify the (comma-separated) static IP
prefixes in CIDR notation.

+ Click Show Existing Routes for this Network to view the existing
routes for the private network.

+

You cannot use/have an overlap with the following reserved CIDR blocks
for static routes

1.  If you want to customize the tunnel configuration, expand Advanced
    Options:

    a.  Select Automatic Tunnel Initiation to specify that the VPN
        starts up automatically.

        If you deselect this option, you must generate traffic from the
        customer gateway to establish VPN tunnels.

        If you have already created a VPN in this private space, this
        option isn’t available.

    b.  Select the tunnel configuration:

        -   Automatic

            Select this option to use the default tunnel configuration.

        -   Custom

            Select this option to customize:

            -   IP ranges (in CIDR format) for the internal address of
                each VPN tunnel.

            -   Pre-shared keys (PSKs) for each VPN tunnel.

            You must specify values for all four fields.

2.  Click Create VPN.

    The VPN can take up to 15 minutes to create.

    Once created, you can connect the VPN to your corporate network or
    you can click Close and complete this step later.

While the VPN is created, you can create a redundant VPN.

If the VPN creation fails, click Create VPN to try again. . Test the
connection from your private space to the VPN.

Connect a VPN to Your Corporate Network

After the VPN creation completes successfully, the tunnel status is Down
until you connect the VPN to your corporate network.

To connect the VPN to your corporate network, you or your network
administrator must configure your gateway device outside of Anypoint
Platform.

To facilitate this configuration, you provide information about your
gateway device, which Anypoint Platform uses to generate a connection
guide to use to configure your device.

After the VPN connection creation completes, the Create VPN Connection
window displays the Connect VPN step. You can also display this page
from the Network tab by clicking View Connection Guide or clicking the
VPN menu (…​) and selecting Connection Guide.

1.  Select options from the drop-down lists:

    -   Device vendor

    -   Device platform

    -   Device software

    See Supported Gateway Devices.

2.  Click Download Connection Guide.

    The connection guide, in .txt format, downloads to your local
    system.

3.  Give the connection guide to your network administrator to use to
    configure your gateway device.

    For information, see Your customer gateway device in the AWS VPN
    documentation.

Create a Redundant VPN

If only one VPN has been configured, the Network tab displays an option
to create a redundant VPN.

MuleSoft strongly recommends that you create a redundant VPN. For
information, see VPN High Availability.

Redundant VPNs inherit some settings from the initial VPN configuration
automatically.

After you create a redundant VPN, you can’t change any of the settings.

Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-vpn.adoc -
include::partial$select-private-space.adoc[tag=selectPrivateSpace]
Unresolved directive in ps-create-configure-vpn.adoc -
include::partial$select-private-space.adoc[tag=clickPrivateSpaceName] .
On the Network tab, click Create Redundant VPN. . On the Create
Redundant VPN Connection page, complete the fields, based on the routing
type of the initial VPN:

+ Dynamic (BGP)::

+ .. In the Remote IP field, enter the public IP address (a single,
static IP address that isn’t used by other VPNs) of your VPN endpoint.
.. In the Remote ASN field, enter a private ASN.

+ By default, Remote ASN contains the value from the first VPN, but you
can change this value. Static::

+ In the Remote IP field, enter the public IP address (a single, static
IP address that isn’t used by other VPNs) of your VPN endpoint.

+ Because you have already created a VPN in this private space, the
Create Redundant VPN Connection page doesn’t display the Local ASN
field.

1.  If you want to customize the tunnel configuration, expand Advanced
    Options and specify:

    -   The IP ranges (in CIDR format) for the internal address of each
        VPN tunnel.

    -   The PSKs for each VPN tunnel.

    The redundant VPN uses the tunnel initiation option specified for
    the initial VPN.

    Any tunnel configuration values that you don’t customize are set to
    the default.

2.  Click Create VPN.

The redundant VPN can take up to 15 minutes to create.

If the redundant VPN creation fails, click Create Redundant VPN to try
again.

Test the Connection to Your Private Space

After you create the VPN, test the connectivity from CloudHub 2.0 to
your networks. To test the connection, use the Network Tools
application.

For download and usage information about the Network Tools application,
see How To Use Network Tools Application.

See Also

-   ps-gather-setup-info.xml

-   ps-vpn-about.xml
